Release 223.0.0 (#4810)
MetaMask/core: packages/user-operation-controller/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [16.0.0]

### Added

> - Types for `bridge` and `bridgeApproval`. ([#4714](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4714))

Reviewer: This reads like we're defining new TypeScript types. Maybe we could be a little clearer on what's being updated:

```suggestion
- Added new entries `bridge`, `bridgeApproval` to the `TransactionType` enum ([#4714](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4714))
```

### Changed

> - **BREAKING:** `PendingUserOperationTracker` now uses the new polling interface from ([#4752](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4752)). `startPollingByNetworkClientId` is now `startPolling`. And `onPollingComplete` now returns the entire input object, instead of a network client id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **BREAKING:** `PendingUserOperationTracker` now uses a new polling interface that accepts the generic parameter `PollingInput` ([#4752](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4752))
- **BREAKING:** The inherited `AbstractPollingController` method `startPollingByNetworkClientId` has been renamed to `startPolling` ([#4752](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4752))
- **BREAKING:** The inherited `AbstractPollingController` method `onPollingComplete` now returns the entire input object of type `PollingInput`, instead of a network client id ([#4752](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4752))
```
